docs: add section on testing style that we promote (#1645) (#1649)
thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers: README.md

end
```

### A Note on Testing Style

If you inspect the source code, you'll notice quickly that `shoulda-matchers`
is largely implemented using reflections and other introspection methods that
Rails provides. On first sight, this might seem to go against the common
practice of testing behavior rather than implementation. However, as the
available matchers indicate, we recommend that you treat `shoulda-matchers` as
a tool to help you ensure correct configuration and adherence to best practices
and idiomatic Rails in your models and controllers - especially for aspects
that in your experience are often insufficiently tested, such as ActiveRecord
validations or controller callbacks (a.k.a. the "framework-y" parts).

> For your specific business logic, on the hand, you should very much favor
> testing behavior/outcome over testing implementation: Not only will this
> facilitate refactoring, but the reality is that no generic testing tool will
> ever map adequately to your specific domain. (But you could certainly write
> your own custom matchers and use `shoulda-matchers` as an inspiration.)

Reviewer: I wanted to suggest a slight rewording of this part:

```suggestion
For testing your application's unique business logic, however, we recommend focusing on
behavior and outcomes over implementation details. This approach will better support
refactoring and ensure that your tests remain resilient to changes in how your code
is structured. While no generalized testing tool can fully capture the nuances of your
specific domain, you can draw inspiration from shoulda-matchers to write custom
matchers that align more closely with your application's needs.
```

I feel this version flows a bit more naturally and emphasizes the same points in a slightly clearer way. Let me know what you think!

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Adapted. :-)
